Welcome back a student on the last lecture we talked a little bit about how I get so much money about
you know the cookies and the session.
Right.
And we know how they work.
So now this lecture I'm going to show you how to use them.
Now I'm going to modify this a little bit here in the valley they use the Logan function.
We need to actually take this off a little bit from here because it's not going to work like that.
I just remember that if we would try to enclose this function inside the the clean a custom function
is not going to work.
So you might one day do something like this.
All right clean inside the set and that should work.
All right you can try to go that way and you can see that it's not going to work.
But anyway so here we got to make sure that we're passing all these parameter all these things.
There's variables here.
Remember to our logging user function as well.
So all right here we got to pass it in.
Don't forget that.
All right.
And we also have to pass it in right here so we get because we're going to be using it inside here.
Remember.
All right.
And you know you can do whatever you want.
We're going to have to do a check here to see if this is clicked or not because if it's clicked we want
to be able to set the cookie.
And now we don't want to set the cookie so we can do it right here right.
If the user has the right password we don't want to do this function IDs on less.
We know that they have the right pass.
All right and plus we're already setting a session here why not do it here as well.
So we're going to say something like this if remember is equal to on and this check box is going to
be equal to on when he's checked.
And what he's not is going to be equal to all.
So that's how we can detect that.
So if he's on then we're going to set the cookie and how are we going to use up pre-define function
set cookie.
And the first parameter is going to be e-mail.
Second parameter is going to be the content.
And in this case we're just going to set up an e-mail for it.
But we can pull whatever we want that parameter is going to be the time.
I'm going to put the time function.
All right.
So the time function is going to give me all the time from 1970 I believe to now in milliseconds it's
just going to be a horrible horrible number.
But if we put a plus symbol and we say you know what 60 that would mean that this cookie we're at Spier
in 60 seconds.
Isn't that beautiful.
Right of course you don't want to set the cookie for 60 seconds.
You want to set up for something like maybe a whole day.
I think it's like thirty six hundred or 86000 seconds.
I just got to look at it.
But we can really do a google search and convert it one day two seconds and you can see how many it
is.
But we'll do that later.
So now we're setting the cookie here.
Now let's go to our logging function here because we only checking for session.
Make sure that we are also checking for cookies.
So for set set cookie like this and we write a cookie name that we're checking for.
Right.
So if we find out that the e-mail is a session email is set right we're going to return true or if the
cookies set.
We're going to return true right.
So this should work very good for us right now.
Let's try it.
Make sure that you put your comments I got to start putting my comments when I'm not showing you guys
anything right.
So that way we don't we don't waste time of my lectures putting comments.
But anyway.
Ooh.
Can I use.
You know what we can now use the set like that either
write you can use now instead.
All right let's just take it off for now.
Let's use.
Find out where it is first.
Where is it.
There we go.
We can't use it either.
We can just do it here and clean it up if we want to but that's fine.
We've got to leave it like this right now there's no way.
By the way they're not going to give us their injection through the letter check box but
just make sure you save it will clean it up later or if you wanted to buy it right now let's do this.
All right.
So if we write the e-mail and I already have a user call one e-mail that come right if I do one two
and three but I don't check them there's no again.
Now you can go to here using Google Chrome by the way which I think is one of the best browsers I think
already said this.
But anyway you go to settings then we go to a show and settings content settings of cookies and sites.
We only got one cookie available and that is the session if we click on it we see that we only have
that session.
This is the name of the identifier for the session.
And how do we get this because we already have sessions start in our application Our application is
already getting starting a session.
So that's how we get this.
And this is the content that goes to the server and then we control over there.
Right.
But anyway enough with the lectures about sessions so the cookie wasn't set right.
So let's log out and let's try again one point two and three.
Remember me log in.
Beautiful.
So now if we go here to settings and we go to event settings we are on set and content are cookies and
data.
We see that we've got two cookies one that looks exciting right.
Beautiful.
Now we were able to set the cookie and what is the content the e-mail address of the user.
Now he's not going to put the symbol in here but you can see that it is the e-mail address of the user
and he's going to expire in what one minute.
You see that here.
So he's probably already it's by or by now.
All right.
So let's go real quick and let me show you let's do it again one two and three.
Logan All right.
So now if we take our browser we close our browser within one minute.
I remember we're going to do this on one minute and we try to open our application in admin that BHB
we can see that we still know then right beautiful and remember before it was logging us out.
Why because we didn't have a cookie set.
All right.
So he's working now the next thing is we've got to make sure that we put this in the log house.
Well all right we've got to make sure that we don't set the cookie.
So in the next lecture I'm going to get into that because it just takes a little bit of explanation
but it's working.
We're going to keep refreshing here.
And if you don't you can weigh your 30 seconds.
That is going to take for this to logout and you keep refreshing and refreshing and you're going to
see that this is going to take it to the ancients that BHB because that cookie is going to be on set
soon.
Right.
But anyway thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture.